_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Revise about page with new profile image and content
Updated profile image and biography details, and commented out announcements and latest posts sections.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: MJ_SRCD.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>University of Edinburgh</p>
    <p>Philosophy, Psychology, and Linguistic Sciences</p>
    <p>Edinburgh</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

# announcements:
#  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
# scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
# limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

# latest_posts:
#  enabled: true
#  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
#  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Postdoctoral Researcher in Developmental Psychology. Research interests include the development of cognitive control, proactive control, and episodic future thinking. Also interested in affective psychology and the links between anticipatory emotions and decision-making. See [here] (https://osf.io/kp68q_v1/) for my latest pre-print exploring the developmental dynamics between statistical learning and cognitive control. 

Beyond research, I enjoy drinking coffee and attempting to play electric guitar and bass guitar. See the link here for my latest music release with Edinburgh-based band [FERNS](https://musicoftheferns.bandcamp.com/album/fronds-in-high-places).
